Astor 						Erik Godfrey
ENG						3-3-14



	I was borned March 21 1995 in Bronx New York. Whenever I tell people that I’m from the cape, they assume I’m rich.  Cops are much useless, because nothing bad really ever happens in my town. I dont see much crime going on or hearing something that goes on in my Town I live in. The population is very high. Since my town is so uniform and boring, everyone seems to insist upon being either a functioning alcoholic or complete pothead. Where this might be a problem in other places, the lack of sobriety appears to hold my town together and keep everyone happy. My parents never got to much into either and were able to give me a happy childhood.

	My mom reminds me of a high school girl. If she isn’t watching a fashion related reality show she is giggling and tapping away at her iPhone. Often a parent may ask their child to put their phone away and talk face to face, not in my case. I have literally had to take my phone away from my mother.  I have disciplined my mom more times in my life than she has me.	 She is always there for me and can tell when something is wrong. She has never forced me to do a thing in my life, no chores or homework. Growing up it was great.

	My dad is best known in my town for his amazing football skills. Though it happened 20 years ago, you would’ve thought it happened yesterday, since he talks about it everyday. He has pretty much given me the play by play of every major football game in his short high school-college career. He was being scouted by a professional football team, until I was born and of course personally forced him quit.  I have been born. He still holds a grudge against me today. My father has been making fun of me non-stop since I could speak, probably before that too. Which is great  because I never get in trouble, I just get made fun of. One time when I was like 12, I broke a window due to a wild baseball throw. Most dads would yell and ask “How are we going to pay for this window?!” Not my dad. He just made fun of the softness of my hands, because of my lack of physical work.

	Up to this point my life has been fun, unique and fulfilling. Going to College is my next big step. My parents have yet to spend any money on my schooling and it has successfully drained my bank account. Hopefully I can graduate get a job and have children of my own.